fig2dev for OS/2 with EMX
=========================

I ported this really quick and dirty one night, or early morning.  I
wanted to be able to use it to convert the FIG files output from
JavaFIG to some form usable with LaTeX.  I have no idea if it can
convert to forms other than PostScript, I never tried it.  (Actually,
I'm not sure outputing to PostScript works completely correctly, it
crashed my GhostScript 5.10.)  It did manage to output a good EPS file
though, which is what I really wanted.  So maybe you'll find it usefull
too.

It requires EMX to run, download the latest version from a local OS/2
archive.  It may run under Windows or DOS, I have no idea.  If it does
and you tell me, I'll take your word on it.  Under DOS or Windows, you
may want to try RSX instead of EMX for DPMI memory support.

I didn't write this software, it's part of the Transfig package.  That
package is available from
ftp://ftp.x.org/contrib/applications/drawing_tools/transfig.  This port
is based on Transfig 3.2.1.  It was the latest as of October 5, 1998,
when I ported it.  I hope I didn't violate anyone's copyrights, but I'm
not porting all of Transfig.  You can download the original source or
read what I did to it, not much, and read whomever's copyrights are
still in there.

There are some caveats to the port.  I wouldn't try to convert to JPEG.
I can't imagine that this will work.  I didn't include the code
necessary, and I hope that if you try the most that happens is that it
tells you so.  I have not tried this, and knowing that it won't work,
don't intend too.  Convert your file into EPS and then use GhostScript
or some other tool to convert it into JPEG if you want; sorry about the
hassle, but I didn't want to convert the JPEG library too.  For that
matter, FIG which has an embedded JPEG probably won't work either!

I don't know what the function call "cfree" does.  It was in the file
free.c.  Since I couldn't find it, or what it did, I changed it to
free.  The program might crash due to this, but then it hasn't for me
yet; at least I hope it doesn't have a memory leak.
